== README

* # Favours app
  #### By Lance Connolly and Andrea Thomas July 22, 2014

  ## Description

  I want to build an APP for people to do each other Favours and pay it forward. Favours have been around for years, everyone does favours for people to help each other out in times of need. I wanna create a platform whereby people do each other favours and it keep track of whos done who what, it will allow for people to return the favour, post a favour, accpect a favour and also, make a bit of extra cash in the Favour time.

  
	## Features

	1. Post a favour (DO me a Favour)
	2. Browse Favours in your area
	3. Favour Ratings
	4. Accpect a favour
	5. Earn favour points or **Rands.
	6. Calculate Favour time (time to accomplish favour)
	7. Make friends
	8. Pay it forward to the community.
	9. Make payments for Favours.


	## User Stories

	#### Sign up

			1. Sign up with Facebook

	#### Sign in

			1.Sign in with Facebook

	#### Create a Favour

			1.Post a Favour Title
			2.Limited description
			3.Location
			4.Price

	### Choose to do a Favour

			1. Accpect Favour
			2. Discuss Terms of Favour
			3. Finalize Value (Free or Cash)
			4. Commit to Favour 
			5. Payment done once favour completed. (hugs or Cash)
			6. Rate the Favourer **

	### Favour FEED.

			1. Updated favour feed of people asking favours

	### Favour Inbox

			1. Once favour accpected, direct users to private converstation.*


This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions






Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
